welcome to the show very recently chaos
was in India where they played out the
Jack Daniels Indian Rock Awards welcome
to the show guys how was your trip of
India it was amazing yeah amazing me and
Collin what did you guys get to do over
there normal stuff which we can't just
literally die chill yeah and what was
the show about I tell us all about this
award that you got and tell us all about
your trip and the accolades and the
concert that happened in Delhi just what
was it a couple of weeks back number 16
any fewer than 15 there's Chris is
missing basically the jod Rolling Stones
award from what they did do it the edgy
previously previously involved only
India okay just here then water and
fulfilled lanka and pakistan over those
nice we assure on their part we were the
lucky one to pakistan we won the best
drug burn award from pakistan and who
did you have to pay off to get that
award the way it happened was that you
everyone had to submit their entries way
back in october right yeah and who had
the idea to submit your entry to the
Rolling Stone magazine or there was this
JD or golly Morsy from be mark uh-huh he
was like all over the other place in do
you guys should actually apply for this
and we're not taking it pretty seriously
haha then one fine day I just said could
a Miss apply for in it that was that so
did you have to send them all your songs
or anything on an application I know
hundred uh-huh did they are asking
permission with the band I saw long have
you been here they asked for like 23
songs we generate kousonsan alum rep and
then one day you get the call that you
you know from Uzi of course yeah and
letting that we view 10 once over the
day we found out that is there like 25
at the Battle party by bunch of bodies
are actually in a lot of mainstream rock
bands really yeah I had actually entered
the contrary name a few oh man all the
big guns blogs yeah yes I can do
everything you can do it I can name them
I left all this man I don't know we've
got que hace the studios tonight we're
talking to a man khodam said machete odd
and fee foo and we'll be back with more
of their great music and talk about
their trip to India update of you know
you're like I said before and this is
what I feel when I listen to your music
please don't mind gabbana they don't
know sometimes your music gets a little
angry silly about that and that's you
know signature to you do you have a good
night you did okay did you have any
romantic yeah we do moms yeah we who it
is that you know when we were writing
the album it's it's different nodes
different feelings different emotions no
it's not like you're angry or all the
time you're not feeling in love of
motion taimanin the pretty pissed off
most of the time yeah the album actually
in caps meets everything as a human
being that we all of us all five of us
and what we feel alive and so we have an
angry side we do have a romantic side
because we're humans come on that's a so
where did that romantic side come out
what song did you guys they're good
we're not one of them not so many is the
score Hong Kong voluntarily it is a song
called file that's a pun is actually
song which brings back a lot of memories
so yes it's not in Cambodia where and
all the course already because I we
agree ever big bad can it be wrote hey
I'm here to ask the group and yet again
a song that made a lot of sense after a
long long time ha yeah that was me a lot
i right stop and then it makes sense
after long are the maturing process or
your garage process as you're maturing
is a musician and Arden I'm actually
thinking at times I can it's like for
being nervous you can walk into the zone
and come back and you write something in
that zone and bring something out of it
and one fine day you just look at it and
he said why did i write this and
a few years down the line it makes a lot
of sense it's all right this is probably
gonna become one of those like really
cheesy lovey-dovey song writing it's not
a song its it's one of the best song to
me up I found on the song and it's
amazing it's an instant hit we've got a
teaser for the song on youtube really
and people love it people are dying
asset people are done and he's gonna be
released with the album comes out yeah
excellent excellent so uh what do you
think is the cheesiest obama's wrong
about you know about song this song is
actually going to be a use as in whiskey
in hollywood production really yeah it's
featuring sean i'm knocking bugs then
the song is gonna be taught around the
video when did this happen this is a we
we didn't talk like touch me Dawg half
the bad members know half the bad i
don't know the body we just talking
about it but but yeah so it's basically
a dear friend greed mentor and a real
group he's like a fox embroidery yeah
Mick sport fanatic for chaos and a real
good money to use when have one of my
boss dr. Hassan and he's producing this
movie a mistake in the cine like
really good movie in Pakistan a chopper
that's gonna be the most expensive movie
a million bucks on and shiny high-tech
stuff I don is in it sean is in below
the Shah he's actually directing it
really yeah i just read about this
yesterday find it mine works me dr.
Hudson vikas wanna surf and hassle
you guys are the original soundtrack
yeah we have a couple of songs it's
going in connaught for me up it's got a
song which is not in the oven it's
there's a song called high on yeah which
is a very important song in the movie as
well a chap and this but in the end the
movie is now so yeah but is about Sean
and whatever